In this video I'll describe the relationship of the center and distributed resource scheduler.
So first off we have to have the center in order to create a dress cluster.
We can't create any type of host cluster without the center so we need the Center for that management
capability of creating an ESX I host cluster.
Now once we've created that de-risk cluster the center stays involved.
This isn't like high availability with high availability.
The center is used to create the cluster and then the center kind of steps aside and H.A. can run with
it without the center.
Diyar Ross cannot run without the center because we can't even carry out of the motion without the center.
And that's what difference does.
It uses VM motion to load balance by distributing virtual machines across hosts evenly so yes absolutely
requires the center.
We need the center to configure and we need the Center for DRM to operate.